alright guys what's up when I've been on
in a while but um I'm coming back and
I'm making more videos and stuff but
anyway alright um as you guys know will
may know uh in black ops people say you
can for us that didn't get the limited
edition or hardened edition or whatever
and we wanted to played arise and shit
on Uman for RuPt and all that um you
have to yet have a code to get into it
and some people saying you know the code
that came our game well some people said
you can go to the terminal and put in
codes or whatever like a lot derives or
no stuff like that
well we all know the cheat we use three
arc unlock right I mean we've all used
that probably for most of us but um
there is uh I did this right here I did
three arc space unlock
space derives D or space so this so
output online derive right there so you
know I go ahead and over here to enter
and it goes cheat enabled right there so
um I just tried this out I know whenever
to see if it would work and I got
excited when I saw this so of course
what I did was I went to got out of this
and went to zombies of course and so
good a zombies so it's nothing I don't
know if it's big game with the computers
only reading the three are unmarked and
not the derived par put I don't know I
don't know if in you guys to try this or
whatever but you know it doesn't show up
in anything right here to show right
here just the regular ones five you know
dead ops decision but I just want to
make this an informational video you
know if you have any ideas of what it is
you know and if it is that it's only
reading three or come on please don't
leave like a negative comment you know
saying you only read that all you're
stupid or whatever I mean if you really
know whatever or if you have any hints
of what someone without the unlock code
for the older maps and how they get it
or if you know the unlock code to get
the maps you know living in the comments
or something guys you know help us out
all right we'll all right guys I'll see
you later
remember to leave the comments whatever
to help us out and all that alright see
you guys later